Enhance documentation (#25)
samuelspagl/ha_samsung_soundbar: docs/content/1.getting-started/0.index.md

# 🚀 Getting Started with Yassi

Welcome to Yassi, the HomeAssistant integration for your Samsung Soundbar. This guide will help you get up and running in no time.

## 📦 Installation Options

### HACS (Home Assistant Community Store)

#### 🌟 Official Repository (Coming Soon)
The Yassi integration will be available through the official HACS repository shortly. Stay tuned for updates.

#### ➕ Custom Repository
In the meantime, you can manually add this repository to HACS:

> 1. Navigate to HACS in your HomeAssistant.
> 2. Go to 'Settings' and add this repository URL as a custom repository.
> 3. Search for 'Yassi' under integrations and proceed with the installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the following button and 'open link':
[![Open your Home Assistant instance and open a repository inside the Home Assistant Community Store.](https://my.home-assistant.io/badges/hacs_repository.svg)](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/hacs_repository/?owner=samuelspagl&repository=ha_samsung_soundbar&category=integration)
2. Click 'add' to add the custom repository.
3. Download 'Yassi' and reboot Home Assistant.
```

Author: Didn't know that a redirect like that is possible, cool. Thanks!
